>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Everybody,
honestly thank you so much.
Actually I love the experience
of teaching workshops,
because as of yesterday morning we were
total strangers, and there's always that,
ooh, getting to know each other.
It's kind of,
it's always interesting that dynamic.
And then now after two
days I feel like you would
probably save my life in Vietnam
if we were in the trenches.
I feel like we're that close.
And so honestly, thank you so much.
This is my passion and I love to
just geek out on things that are amazing,
that we can build amazing things with.
And so for me it's just the greatest
privilege and honor to share two days with
not only you in person, but to everybody
that was online for the workshop.
I appreciate this opportunity,
thank you so much.
And one thing I will say is
if you have any questions or
you get stuck, you can,
skipping all the way to the back.
So it is true, I love you.
Thank you, but more so,
you can catch me on Twitter @simpulton.
And I try to be as responsive as possible,
time permitting.
So I do like to eat, I do have kids.
I occasionally like to sleep.
So, I might help where I can, but
please, if you run into any problems or
if you any questions,
feel free to direct them my way.